Add files via upload (#521)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/data-types/data-types.md

## Data types

Data is the foundation of all programs. In programing there are 5 simple data types and 3 complex data types. 

The simple data types are:

| Data Type   | Description  of said data type                                                                                                                |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Numbers` | Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1` and so on. (Depending on the languge deciamls are a diffrent data type.)                                         |

> | `String` | Strings is just text. You can use single quotes (`''`) or double quotes (`""`) For example: `"Codecademy is awsome! 🖥️⌨️"`                      |

Author: Ok. I won't in the future.

| `null` | `null` repersents no value.                                                                                                                        |
| `Undefined` | `Undefined` also repersents no value.                                                                                                         |

The complex data types are:

| Data Type   | Description  of said data type                                                                                                                |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Arrays | Arrays (called lists in some languges) are a list that a computer can easly read. You can find a value using the index. The index starts at 0. Ex: `randomThings = ["javascript, true, 5, null, [1, 2, 3]]` Javscript index is 0, true is 1 and so on. You can acsess values like this: `randomThings[2]` and that has the value of 5. You can have arrays with in arrays you can acsess the value like this: `randomThings[4][1]` and that has the value of 2.                                                   |

> | Objects | Objects are is a group of related data.                                                                                                           |

Author: Yea I did.

---
Title: 'Data Types'
Description: 'Data is classified into data types that tell the compiler how the data is intended to be used.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Data Types'
  - 'Types'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/build-web-apps-with-asp-net'
---

> Data is the foundation of all programs. In programming, data is classified into data types to let the compiler know how the data is being used. 

Author: > Also, because data types vary in name across different programming languages, it would be helpful to include links to the existing data type entries for each language available on Docs.

Ok. I linked all the entries for data types in the CC docs.

Data types can be simple or complex. Simple data types are the most basic types and usually hold a single value.  A complex data type can be composed of multiple data types and often group multiple values.

Some simple data types are:

| Data Type | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | `Number` | Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. (Depending on the language decimals are a different data type.) |
> | `String` | Strings is just text. Either single quotes (`''`) or double quotes (`""`) can be used.  For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |
> | `Boolean` | Booleans are a `true` or `false` value. Ex: `codeingIsFun = true` |
> | `null` | `null` represents no value. |
> | `Undefined` | `Undefined` also represents no value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| number | Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. (Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type.) |
| string | Strings are text. Depending on the language, single quotes (`''`) or double quotes (`""`) can be used.  For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |
| boolean | Booleans hold a true or false value. |
| null | `null` or `nil` represents the absence of a value. |
| undefined | Undefined represents a value that has not been defined. |

```

I like how you added for the numbers that "depending on the language." I'd like to continue with this narrative and stay technically accurate all across the board for this entry.

Author: Before this, I didn't know how to make a table using MD. So I just look at the table for JS data types and I saw a lot of spaces so I did that.

---
Title: 'Data Types'
Description: 'Data is classified into data types that tell the compiler how the data is intended to be used.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Data Types'
  - 'Types'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/build-web-apps-with-asp-net'
---

Data is the foundation of all programs. In programming, data is classified into different types to let the compiler know how the data can be used.

Data types can be simple or complex. Simple data types are the most basic types and usually hold a single value. A complex data type can be composed of multiple data types and often group multiple values.

## Common Simple Data Types

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```

| Data Type | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | number | Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. |
> | string | Strings are text. Depending on the language, single quotes (`''`) or double quotes (`""`) can be used. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |
> | boolean | Booleans hold a true or false value. |
> | null | `null` or `nil` represents the absence of a value. |
> | undefined | Undefined represents a value that has not yet been defined. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Number | Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. |
| String | Strings are text. Depending on the language, single quotes (`''`) or double quotes (`""`) can be used. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |
| Boolean | Booleans hold a true or false value. |
| Null | `null` or `nil` represents the absence of a value. |
| Undefined | Undefined represents a value that has not yet been defined. |
```

## Common Complex Data Types

| Data Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Arrays | Arrays, called lists in some languages, are lists the compiler can read. Values can be found using the index which starts at 0, then 1, and so on. Indexing into arrays will access the item at the specified index. Arrays within arrays can exist and are called nested arrays. |
| Objects | Objects are groups of related data. |

> | Classes | Classes are templates for objects |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Classes | Classes are templates for objects. |
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Data Types'
  - 'Types'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/build-web-apps-with-asp-net'
---

Data is the foundation of all programs. In programming, data is classified into different types to let the compiler know how the data can be used.

Data types can be simple or complex. Simple data types are the most basic types and usually hold a single value. A complex data type can be composed of multiple data types and often group multiple values.

## Common Simple Data Types

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Data Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. |
| String | Strings are text. Depending on the language, single quotes (`''`) or double quotes (`""`) can be used. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |
| Boolean | Booleans hold a true or false value. |
| Null | `null` or `nil` represents the absence of a value. |
| Undefined | Undefined represents a value that has not yet been defined. |

## Common Complex Data Types

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```

---
Title: 'Data Types'
Description: 'Data is classified into data types that tell the compiler how the data is intended to be used.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Data Types'
  - 'Types'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/build-web-apps-with-asp-net'
---

> Data is the foundation of all programs. In programming, data is classified into different types to let the compiler know how the data can be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Data is foundational in programming and is classified into different types to indicate how it can be interpreted and used in the compiler.
```

> Data types can be simple or complex. Simple data types are the most basic types and usually hold a single value. A complex data type can be composed of multiple data types and often group multiple values.

Reviewer 2: @ethan-master-coding Concerning this line and the tables below, I think this "simple/complex" difference can be unpacked a bit further. For Docs entries, let's try to avoid using terms like "basic" and "simple". Data types can be categorized in three distinct ways:

- Primitive data types that contain a single value such as bytes, booleans, character, and numbers.
- Composite data types that made of multiple primitive types, such as arrays, strings of characters, and objects.
- Other unique types such as pointers and functions.

Reviewer 3: Got it. I will keep that in mind when making future entries/edits.

Reviewer 2: Appreciated! After we  we should be good to go:

- Line 17: Remove "simple" and "basic" language and replace with sentence or two about how data types are generally allocated into three groups: primitive types, composite types, and other unique types.

- Lines 19-37: Rename the two headers for these two tables (as well as add one more header + table), here is what I'm suggesting:

```
## Primitive Types

[Table with primitive types - Number, Character, Boolean]

## Composite Types

[Table with composite types - Array, String, Object]

## Unique Types

[Table with unique types - Null, Undefined, Functions]
```

Reviewer 3: @Dusch4593 Missed this until now. I'm working on this.

Reviewer 3: @Dusch4593 Finished the changes. Take a look now.

## Common Simple Data Types

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Data Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. |
| String | Strings are text. Depending on the language, single quotes (`''`) or double quotes (`""`) can be used. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |
| Boolean | Booleans hold a true or false value. |
| Null | `null` or `nil` represents the absence of a value. |
| Undefined | Undefined represents a value that has not yet been defined. |

## Common Complex Data Types

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Data Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Arrays | Arrays, called lists in some languages, are lists the compiler can read. Values can be found using the index which starts at 0, then 1, and so on. Indexing into arrays will access the item at the specified index. Arrays within arrays can exist and are called nested arrays. |
| Objects | Objects are groups of related data. |
| Classes | Classes are templates for objects. |

> ## Data Types Vary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Data Types in Different Languages
```

> Data types may vary from one programming language to another:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The way that data types look and work may vary from one programming language to another:
```

---
Title: 'Data Types'
Description: 'Data is classified into data types that tell the compiler how the data is intended to be used.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Data Types'
  - 'Types'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/build-web-apps-with-asp-net'
---

> Data is the foundation of all programs. In programming, data is classified into data types to let the compiler know how the data is being used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data is the foundation of all programs. In programming, data is classified into different types to let the compiler know how the data can be used. 

```

## Common Primitive Data Types

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Data Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. |
| String | Strings are text. Depending on the language, single quotes (`''`) or double quotes (`""`) can be used. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |
| Boolean | Booleans hold a `true` or `false` value. |

## Common Composite Data Types

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Data Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Arrays | Arrays, called lists in some languages, are lists the compiler can read. Values can be found using the index which starts at 0, then 1, and so on. Indexing into arrays will access the item at the specified index. Arrays within arrays can exist and are called nested arrays. |
| Objects | Objects are groups of related data. |
| Classes | Classes are templates for objects. |

## Common Unique Data Types

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Data Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Null | `null` or `nil` represents the absence of a value. |

> | Undefined | Undefined represents a value that has not yet been defined. |

Reviewer: I would classify these as void data types. In JS, these are considered primitive, but that does not hold true for all languages.
